DAY-2-TASK:

QUESTION:
1.List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs.

ANSWER:
JavaScript : 
Javascript is a Scripting language. It is mostly abbreviated as JS. It can be said that Javascript is the updated version of the ECMA script. Javascript is a high-level programming language that uses the concept of Oops but it is based on prototype inheritance.

NodeJS : 
NodeJS is a cross-platform and opensource Javascript runtime environment that allows the javascript to be run on the server-side. Nodejs allows Javascript code to run outside the browser. Nodejs comes with a lot of modules and mostly used in web development. 

Difference between Nodejs and JavaScript :

JAVASCRIPT:

1.Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.
2.Javascript can only be run in the browsers.
3.It is basically used on the client-side.
4.Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM. 
5.Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox.
6.Javascript is used in frontend development.
7.Some of the javascript frameworks are RamdaJS, TypedJS, etc. 
8.It is the upgraded version of ECMA script that uses Chrome’s V8 engine written in C++. 

NODEJS:

1.NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment.
2.We can run Javascript outside the browser with the help of NodeJS.
3.It is mostly used on the server-side.
4.Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.
5.V8 is the Javascript engine inside of node.js that parses and runs Javascript. 
6.Nodejs is used in server-side development.
7.Some of the Nodejs modules are Lodash, express etc. These modules are to be imported from npm. 
8.Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.






QUESTION:
4.Execute the below code and write your description in txt file
typeof(1)
typeof(1.1)
typeof('1.1')
typeof(true)
typeof(null)
typeof(undefined)
typeof([])
typeof({})
typeof(NaN)

ANSWER:

1.typeof(1)=number
The data type of an integer value is number.

2.typeof(1.1)=number
The data type of float numbers are also considered as number.

3.typeof('1.1')=string
The typeof operator will print the "string" as the type of the operand, whether the operand is an empty string, collection of characters, number written in quotes.

4.typeof(true)=boolean
The typeof operator will print the "boolean", as the type of the operand, if the operand is true, or false.

5.typeof(null)=object
The data type of null is object.
The typeof operator returns "object" for objects, arrays, and null.

6.typeof(undefined)=undefined
The data type of an undefined variable is undefined.
The data type of a variable that has not been assigned a value is also undefined.

7.typeof([])=object
The data type of an array is object.
The typeof operator returns "object" for objects, arrays, and null.

8.typeof({})=object
The typeof operator returns "object" for objects, arrays, and null.

9.typeof(NaN)=number
The data type of NaN is number.

